Thank you for spending time at FshareTV, hope you enjoy the movie
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I thought I could kill
with somebody's hand
But the plan failed
Have you received my order?
How can you make your
own decision?
I know!
I do hope to understand Chai
Shut up
Who do you think you're
to raise this question?
What is he, that's none
of your business
Remember, your mom &
dad were betrayers
Your grandpa was a traitor
So you're a traitor
It's fate
If I didn't let you stay with me,
you would have been
executed with them
Your life is mine
So you'd obey my order
Is that clear?
Kam I know you may
be kind-hearted
You know what he is now?
He's a beast
He was a nasty guy
Raped the pregnant woman
& the little girls
Look, the girls and so small
These pregnant women are big
They were dragged
to death by Chai
Not only for me
But also for the public
Any questions?
No
OK, let's do as our plan
Kill him in Lai Yau Wai's home
Got it
Are you alright?
What does that mean?
Nothing, I think, you've
locked up for a long time,
and you didn't answer me
That's why I just broke in
and watched
Are you bathing?
Yes, I'm fine
Please close the door
I can't imagine that'd happened
I said, get out & close the door
Yes... well... I'm sorry...
Get out!
What do you want?
Give it or not?
What?
Money for the dead
For the dead?
Tak's dad
Who's Tak's dad?
The innocent one who was shot
dead in the shopping centre
Donate money for the dead?
Can we give Tak's family
through the press?
Maybe
What name should we write?
The kind-hearted guys?
Up to you
Since we're not close friends!
Just donate $500, that's enough
Up to you
Can you pay that $500 for me?
What?
When I finish the mission,
I'll be awarded $500
So I can pay you back
What?
Trust me! I won't forget my words
Alright
Put it properly...
Go... again
Again
This is dangerous explosive
Watch this day & night
Yes
Lai Yau Wai always deals
with smuggling
The lost cranium of dinosaur
maybe related to him
That's him
Take action when there's
a chance
Any more questions?
Yes, is Lee Heung Lan
your mom?
As I know, she's a traitor
Sorry, I've no question
Time's up. Let's go
Kam, if we finish the
mission tonight
I'll return at once
So, tell me what you like
I'll send it to you
No, thanks
I've to send you a gift!
White roses
You're very romantic
Maybe, I'll send it to you
Very romantic
If we've time,
I'd like to visit the karaoke
in Hong Kong
I'll keep contact with you
You know,
my voice is like Jacky Cheung
My Adam's apple can
move up & down!
This is the key of the rear door
Hurry up, or you'll have no time
I'll sing you a song
Why not "Lee Heung Lan"?
I tell you,
I'm forced to stay with you
Don't mention Lee Heung Lan
in front of me
Don't sing in front of me
I don't want to hear your bull shit!
I appreciate your straight character!
This key is not important to me
This is not a simple box
This is a special box
called "Magic Box"
It can send me
to Lai's home safely
& beautifully
Magic Box!
Why are you here?
What do you want?
I'd ask you that question!
Oh shit!
I haven't adjusted the angle
So, wrong direction
Now, it's OK
Magic... Shit!
The door is opened. Go in
Kam, I am not fool...
Clean the blood first
Alright
I think this box
is wrong positioned!
Adjust it, that'll be alright
Don't waste my time!
It'll be alright!
Give me one more chance
Magic Box...
Excuse me,
Dry Martine please
What're you looking?
Give me another the glass
That's too much!
What're you looking?
Chai, how is it going?
Dangerous!
The guests look so nasty!
But very kind!
You won't understand!
Sir, how about you?
I'll take care myself, thanks
Mr. Lai, your call!
Hello?
Target discovered
Pay attention, the cranium...
Listen, I'll say once more
Put the bones into hot water
to remove extra fats
That cook it with fish
snout for an hour
When will you come back
for the soup?
Cut the crap!
My wife is inside
Romario sent it to Pai Bi-to
Pai Bi-to scored with
his wonderful skill
Chai, how is it?
Can't you listen?
We believed that a man called
Pai Bi-to stole the cranium
Then he used his
personal skills...
Shoot & score one mark
But the signal is weak here
I'm planning to dig a tunnel
towards his sofa
And to hear what he'll say
Chai, cut the crap!
Go to some place else
which receives better
Kam, radio receiver is
being disturbed there
I can't hear
the words of Lai Yau Wai
Chat
try a place which is not crowded
In front of me
there is a piano only
Go & try
Alright
Not clear at all
Don't move, sit well
Right
I feel embarrass
to sit here alone
You love singing songs?
Sing
Alright!
I forgot the lyrics
How is it?
Normal, not special
Like Jacky Cheung or not?
Fair!
You're really great!
You're great to change position
in such short time!
You're somebody, I guess
Be frank
I'm waiting a very
important man
I think, you know him too
Sorry, no comment
I won't force others
But I've something to tell you
I really appreciate you
I love you
Got it? Here is very dangerous
I don't know where
the killers are hiding!
Will that be so beneficial?
I was shot
How can you walk freely then?
Luckily I've put on
bullet-proof vest
But no bullet-proof trousers
This is for you
Where do you get it from?
I got it while I was escaping!
This is rare!
You're really lucky
Don't be so serious! Nuts!
How do you know that?
Many people say so
The killers of the Man
with a Golden Gun are inside
Go now
Who is he?
I'm here, don't worry
Cripple, sit here
Let me handle it
Bump him to death
You're lucky to escape!
How are you?
Bandage and cotton,
any scissors?
Yes
I can't get any scissors
Forget it
The bullet is shot into
the bone of my thigh
And it's pressing my artery
which locates near the trigeminal
My left brain is lacking oxygen
And the right part of my body
is starting to be palsy
I've to cut the wound and
take out the bullet
Let me do it
This is a famous knife
which is used by a famous smith
It's made by special iron
Net weight 40 catties
16 tales and 4 oz
It's not easy to be taken
by ordinary people
It needs special skill
In order not to contact
the nerves and vessels,
help me to widen the wound
Hold it
I can stand it
Can't you see the bullet?
The black one?
No, that's trash
Higher
The white one?
That's bone
The silver one is the bullet
I see it
It's clipped deep inside
Dig it out
What?
Go ahead
Like this?
Yes
Do you need anesthetic?
Turn on the video
Have you put a wrong tape?
No, this is called
"Shifting attention"
You mean it's the stance of making love?
You want to cheat me?
I mean this is the way
I use as anesthetic!
Have you read the story of Wah Tor,
the greatest doctor of China
Once Kwan Wan Cheung
was playing chess during an operation
Now, I am going to
watch blue tape
under an operation too
Go ahead
Watch it later
Alright
The bullet is too closed
to the bone,
nerves are around
It hurts, hold it
Black too?
Why do you stop?
I want my blood to concentrate
to one part intentionally
I don't want to lose
much blood
Forget it, just go ahead
It's blocking my operation
Why don't you move it aside?
Yeah! Come on
Use more force...
What? Do you feel pain?
I am not talking to you
I am talking to the darkie
Sorry... Sorry
So much blood
You broke a vessel
What'll I do?
Go on watching the tape
Can you hold it?
Chat with me,
ask me some questions
Don't let me sleep
I am afraid I won't wake up
after sleeping
What's your name?
I am called Ling Ling Chai
You may ask some
difficult questions
Difficult?
There is a farm, the number of
chicken is 4 times of the duck
The quantity of ducks is 9
less than the quantity of pigs
The total quantity of
pig and duck is 67
How many legs do the animals
in the farm have?
Let me ask you
Alright
Who is the man and
the woman of the picture?
My parents
Why can't we see their face?
When I was small, they died
so I don't have much memory
Oh, I'm sorry
We are orphans
that's why we can
make friends with each other
Kim
Thank you
Don't mention it
Hold it, don't die
Can you turn off
the air condition?
I feel cold
Chai
Chai...
Luckily, I've practised
Chinese Therapy
But about disinfection
and stop bleeding...
This is so wonderful!
.224 Tiny Spittoon Bullet?
It's only used by you
Where is your UFO Rifle?
It must be put on the car outside?
In fact, it's you who shot me
Since you have to kill me,
why did you save me?
What's the relationship between
you and the man with a golden gun?
You needn't ask,
I won't tell anything
Being a spy,
I can't kill you,
so there is only one result
Come on
Alright
You can't make it in
such a short distance!
Poor aiming
I can't help
About killing and fighting,
don't bother me anymore
I'd better watch my tape
Just pretend that
I've never seen you
Chai, don't go,
you can't go back
Commander is the man
with the golden gun
The dinosaur's...
Why are you taller?
You told the truth at last
You look thinner!
It's not easy to be a betrayer, isn't it?
Miss, do you have any plaster?
You look so lovely
I know why Commander Chan
was killed by you now
I want to see your Commander
Please show we the way
You know, Siu Kam
betrayed our country
I don't know
Our country trusts her
so much and she...
Who beat you up?
I think it's done by the man
with a golden gun
Where is Siu Kam?
Where is she?
I don't know, she lost
So careless!
The enemy is too cunning,
they appear everywhere!
How is your wound?
It'll be alright
You are bleeding!
Sign this, and go to the hospital
for treatment
It's urgent!
Guard. Yes
Send him to the hospital now
You needn't worry much
This way, please
What are you looking,
come on
We are waiting for you
Why an execution now?
Let's choose some other ways
No, we have arrived
So serious!
What's the matter?
Nothing
You mean nothing?
I am in trouble now
Don't move
If anything happens,
tell me clearly first
Go
Ling Ling Chai, you signed and
you admitted that you're a betrayer
You stole our country's treasure
which deserved a capital punishment
You'll be executed now
Go back
Wait, I am innocent...
I didn't see any
national confidential
You should have conscience!
Everybody knows
I am a blind man
You framed a blind
to read national confidential
unlawfully?
Pal, I am a good friend
of Commissioner Chan
I always have meals
together with him
Wait... Wait...
My dad is Commissioner Chan
If you kill me,
I will ask him to kill you
Ready
No... no
I am so smart
I don't want to die
No, no...
Damn!
What an ugly face!
So ugly!
Good shot
Yeah!
Next
My 30 year's practice
is useful now
Get ready
Do you want to kill
a martial arts hero as me?
Not that easy
Ready
Execution now
Take this container to
the boundary in 30 minutes
The buyer is waiting
Yes
More
Your buyer was killed
Now the skull is none
of your business
We will send it back to
Zhen Yang by ourselves
Surrender now
Or you will be killed
Man with a golden gun
I've caught your fellows
You'd better surrender now
Damn!
You claim yourself a man
Luckily I've wore bullet proof vest
I shouldn't have risked
my life for you
You didn't say a word
but just beat me?
You want to beat me?
Beat him!
I'm forced to be a betrayer
I co-operate with you
I know where he is
Follow me
Come on, I'm waiting for you
Be careful. Go away
I can shoot you to
death this time
Stop looking!
Use our powerful stance!
High temperature flame!
I don't believe your armour
can stand the High
temperature flame
Shit! I'm sorry!
I used up the gas last night!
Sorry for not informing you
Sorry, real sorry!
Playing ball?
I'll blow it off
Your turn now
Don't forget me!
Wonder Fist!
I shouldn't have provided
you good living
You betrayed me for
a pork vendor!
Chai's just been killed
You loved him?
I'll send you to hell with him
Chai!
I know your trick!
If yes, why didn't you
tell me beforehand?
Ling Ling Chai
Chai, are you alright?
Alright, I am fine
Please don't say official lines
Aren't you executed?
I am so mad about this!
You made me lose one hundred!
Out
Bad boss, bad fellows
I can't imagine your fellows
are more greedy than you
What a shame to stand
in front of the words
"Faithful to our country"
If you, the nasty evil,
still exist in China,
our people won't have better lives
I have to kill you now
Don't you think you
trash can kill me?
Trash?
I used up all my days
to invent this
"Super Weapon",
product serial Killing 3000
It's combined by 10 killing
weapons. Now, it's done
Chai, step aside
Far away
Far far away!
Really?
I wish to see it
Killing 3000
Knife
Bicycle chain
Fire powder
Acid
Drugs
Gun
Grenade
Triangle sharpener
Every kinds of weapon can kill
Now, it's combined into one
Are you scared?
You nuts!
You should have been killed
Wait
Man Si
Chai, I depend on you
Well, I've no other choice
I have to fight alone
Butcher's knife?
Butcher's knife
No!
Bastard! Let me see
how powerful you are
I will let you see my power
Damn you!
What kind of knife is it?
Butcher's knife
It's used to kill beast!
Give me $5 pork please
My stall is temporarily closed
come back an hour later
Can you waste an hour for that?
I don't think you need more
than 3 minutes
3 hours are not enough
for me instead!
Chai, let's go home
Don't waste any time
And this place is nice
Damn!
Chai, it's a shit!
Our spy satellite
is lost in the space
It's related to the safety
of our country
Now, I am newly promoted
don't you want me to have trouble?
Come back and help me
I am now dealing some
loving affairs with my girl
About the country, that's peanut,
just forget it
Man Si
I've told you many times,
I'm called Da Mansi!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org